# jQuery & jQuery Mobile 101Source code for the interactive jQuery & jQuery Mobile 101 workshop presented by [Mike Nimer](http://twitter.com/mnimer) & [Kellen Styler](http://twitter.com/d3signerd)**NOTE**: Includes interactive code samples (with an integrated code editor and iPhone simluator) that require Google Chrome.Built using [reveal.js](https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js) and a custom plugin that leverages [CodeMirror](http://codemirror.net/) and &lt;iframe&gt;.## View the Presentation* [mnimer.github.com/jQuery-HandsOn](mnimer.github.com/jQuery-HandsOn)## Original Session DescriptionSo many devices... so little time.  We’ve all heard the hype about how HTML5 enables developers to deliver the same content across the vast and increasingly fragmented array of devices, form factors and operating systems in use today.  It turns out that the reality of delivering a consistent user experience across devices, platforms and browsers is much more complicated, time-consuming and costly than advertised.  Much of the simplicity and ease that initially made HTML so empowering has been lost.jQuery Mobile makes the mobile web simple again.  Through progressive enhancement, jQuery Mobile transforms the HTML tags you already know into rich interactive touch and gesture enabled experiences that work the same way across all popular smartphone, tablet and desktop platforms.This hands-on session will introduce you to the unified user interface features provided by the jQuery Mobile framework, including pages, dialogs, popups, toolbars, form elements, buttons and lists; and guide you through combining these components into a working application.Come see how jQuery Mobile can help you “write less, do more.”**Prerequisites:**Basic HTML and JavaScript skills**Required Hardware/Software:**Mac or PC with Google Chrome**Suggested Hardware/Software:**iPhone or iPad, Android Phone or TabletAttendees will not need any special software other than a modern web browser (preferably Google Chrome) in order to complete this hands-on session.  All hands-on exercises will be completed in a web browser using focused live examples presented in a split-view (source code + result) format and embedded as interactive slides within a web-based presentation.## LicenseCopyright (c) 2012 [John Yanarella](http://twitter.com/johnyanarella), [Mike Nimer](http://twitter.com/mnimer), [Kellen Styler](http://twitter.com/d3signerd)Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.